### Notes

1. If you use a variable after declaration but didn't assign a value to it, there will be a compiler error. 

2. Contructor
  * `new String()` is a constructor that constructs a new String object. 
  * The assignment "=" causes myString to \_reference_  the object. 
  * `String()` could be called as a constructor signature

3. Try to compile and run Java files from command line.

4. declare, construct, and assign

5. 
  ```java
  String s = new String();
  s = "Yow!";
  ```
  variable s first reference to the new created empty String obj, then change to the new created "Yow!" String obj. 

6. 
  ```java
  String s2 = s
  ```
  s2 and s reference to the same String. 
  ```java
  String s2 = new String(s)
  ```
  s2 reference to a new String that is identical to the String s reference to.
  ```java
  String s;
  String s2;
  s = "Yow!"
  s2 = "Yow!"
  ```
  in this case, Java might reuse the same obj "Yow!", which means s and s2 might point to the same String obj. But if you use `s2 = new String(s)`, it forces Java to creat a new obj. 

7. `s2 = new String(s)` Java does at least 5 steps:
  - look where s points 
  - follows reference to String obj
  - reads String
  - constructs new String w/ copy of characters
  - makes s2 reference new String

8. __3 String constructors__:
  - `new String()`
  - `"Yow!"`
  - `new String(s)`

9. Constructors always have same name as their class, like `String`, except for `"stuff in quotes"`

10. __METHODS__

  ```java
  s2 = s.toUppercase();
  String s3 = s2.concat("!!");// s3 = s2 + "!!";
  String s4 = "*".concat(s2).concat("*"); //s4 = "*" + s2 + "*";
  ```
  The object "Yow!" did ___not___ change. You couldn't change the characters of an existing String. Their contents never change. If you want to make some change, you have to construct a new String. 

11. ***I/O classes & Objects***
  Objects in System class interacting with a user:
  - `System.out` is a `PrintStream object` that outputs to the screen. 
  Here it actually means `System.out` ***`reference`*** a `PrintStream object`
  - `System.in` is an `InputStream object` that reads from the keyboards. 
  - readLine is defined on `BufferedReader obj`
  -  How do we construct a `BufferedReader`? with an `InputStreamReader`
  -  How do we construct a `InputStreamReader`? with an `InputStream`
  -  How do we construct a `InputStream`? `System.in` is one.

  Figure this out via online Java libraries API - ***`java.io`***
  `InputStream` reads raw data.
  `InputStreamReader` compare into characters (2 bytes long).
  `BufferedReader` compose into entire lines of text. 

12. 
  ```java
  import java.io.*;
  public static void main(String[] arg) throws Exception {
  BufferedReader keybd = new BufferedReader(new InputStreamReader(System.in));
  System.out.println(keybd.readLine());
  }
  ```
